so i took a little vacation and traveled
to the other side of the country
to new york ah the big apple
the city where more than eight million
people live the home of broadway
the empire state building central park
and
the statue of liberty now lady liberty
came to the united states from france
back in 1885
in over 300 copper pieces she came with
instructions
some assembly required batteries not
included she was a gift from the french
people to the americans
but the receiving party had to prepare
the pedestal for her themselves
instead of new york the statue could
have ended up in baltimore
philadelphia boston or even san
francisco
all of these cities were willing to pay
for the construction if they got the
statue
but new yorkers wanted it too
they started the fundraising campaign
and managed to get
all the money needed so the statue
officially called new york home in 1886
where it still resides sorry philly i
like your cheesesteaks though
anyway the statue of liberty was my
first stop
and i was very excited but i had no idea
what was to come next
day one i arrived at new york city and
first thing
i took the ferry to liberty island i
could see her already
far away in the middle of the harbor as
the fairy approached the statue
all the people started to make pictures
with her i wasn't an exception
i asked someone to take a selfie of me
turned away from the statue
looked in the camera and smiled but the
guy looked shocked
i asked him what was wrong and he
couldn't say anything
he just pointed to the statue of liberty
well
to where it used to be because the
statue was just
gone he said it was there but the next
second it just disappeared
other people saw that too and started to
ask each other what happened
but no one had any idea
still we reached the dock and got out of
the ferry
it felt like it was just some trick but
apparently it wasn't
the statue of liberty was really gone
and its pedestal was totally empty
of course there were some people who
climbed up on it pretending to be the
statue of liberty themselves
and taking photos very soon authorities
arrived
and didn't let anyone leave the island
they said they wanted to make an
investigation
and catch the thief since the thief
should still be there on the island
as if it's actually possible to steal
the statue of liberty
they interrogated every single person on
the island
we spent the whole day there and in the
end they had to let us go
who had the statue of liberty hidden in
their pockets
what a surprise day two
that was one crazy case so i decided to
stick around in new york for a while
to watch how the situation would
progress of course in the morning
it's all in the newspapers magazines and
on tv talk shows
all the times square banners are showing
the photos of the statue
with headings have you seen me the
statue of liberty is gone
and even dramatic ones like the theft of
the century
the statue of liberty is stolen
well the whole big apple is mourning the
loss there was some crazy number of
people colored in blue green
like the patina on the statue wearing
dresses and the souvenir foam crown of
miss liberty
by the way all the local souvenir stores
ran out of those
as well as all those little plastic
statues of liberty too
i'm trying to avoid instagram or any
other social networks
every celebrity and every single user
post pictures of the statue
with a crying emoji and a broken heart
the internet turned into one big
memorial
in the evening the empire state building
is shining blue green
in honor of the missing statue
day five new york city is even more
crowded now
it seems like all of america came to the
city to make sure that the statue is
actually gone
and it's not some internet hoax like we
need another one of those
now the edge of manhattan from where the
ferry used to go to liberty island is
overcrowded there are many super loyal
fans colored in blue green
who honestly freak me out a bit who are
staying there
all day long waiting for the statue to
somehow come back
no one is allowed to go to liberty
island all the best detectives of the
world arrive there to investigate this
case
trying to figure out what could have
happened
day 10 france officially announced that
they'll make a new statue of liberty for
new york
well that's super nice of them but
people keep crying
saying that no new statue of liberty can
replace the original one
so nearly loved do you remember that
back in 1885
there were other cities like boston and
philadelphia that wanted to get the
statue
well now they're blaming new york for
losing a 151 high statue
weighing 450 000 pounds claiming it
never would have happened had the statue
been said in boston
or philly which honestly sounds absurd
also did you know that there's more
statues of liberty in the world
there's a smaller version of it which
was given by the u.s citizens to france
a couple of years after the original one
was set in new york
this little monument just 37 feet high
has been standing near the grinnell
bridge in paris
well until a couple of days ago to
comfort the americans
france transported the little copy from
paris to new york
and they put it on the pedestal instead
of the one that was gone
well given that this one is more than 10
times smaller than the original
it looks a bit funny but i guess new
yorkers just
can't imagine new york without one even
if it's just a replica
also there's a life-size copy of lady
liberty's torch standing in paris
well that one was also transported to
new york and set on liberty island as a
monument
meanwhile the folks in las vegas at the
new york new york casino and hotel
are staying awfully quiet for some
reason trying to stay
under the radar about that statue ruckus
day 20 the world started a huge
fundraising campaign to raise the money
for the new statue of liberty
and then it ended it took just two hours
and 47 minutes
to raise all the 100 million dollars
that was needed
almost 2 billion people from nearly
every single country in the world
donated
the construction is going to start in
two weeks in paris france
just like in the good old times and then
it'll be transported to the us again
boston is still trying to insist that we
shouldn't trust new york with the statue
anymore
but i don't think they'll manage to
persuade the world
because this little replica on the
pedestal still looks funny i'll never
get used to it
also starting today tourists are allowed
to travel to liberty island for the
first time since the incident it seems
like
all of new york wants to visit the
island now so the authorities had to go
with a digital cue
all the tickets for the next two months
are already booked
and it happened in less than 10 minutes
well
given the 8 million new yorkers and more
than 250 billion
tourists new york city welcomes every
year i think i'll be able to visit the
island about
oh next decade day 31
crazy news can't believe it the statue
of liberty and i mean the original one
is back they say it appeared in the
middle of the night
the smaller replica is now standing next
to the pedestal
and the original lady liberty is in its
rightful place
i needed to see it so i rushed to the
harbor just like
everyone else in new york it actually is
bad
no one still knows what happened the
great minds of the world still can't
solve the mystery david copperfield has
an
airtight alibi but if you ask me i think
that the statue just
left by itself maybe it just needed a
vacation
i can picture it chilling on a beach in
central america
can't blame it standing there for more
than a hundred years without a single
day off
always being patient with all the people
constantly taking pictures of you
that's not an easy job i'm glad it took
a little vacation
maybe we won't lose it for another 15
decades
hey we were all worried and she's
standing there like nothing happened
chill out people i'm back